Life is about making an impact, not making an income. --Kevin Kruse
Whatever the mind of man can conceive and believe, it can achieve. –Napoleon Hill
Strive not to be a success, but rather to be of value. –Albert Einstein
I attribute my success to this: I never gave or took any excuse. –Florence Nightingale
You miss 100% of the shots you don’t take. –Wayne Gretzky
The most difficult thing is the decision to act, the rest is merely tenacity. –Amelia Earhart
Every strike brings me closer to the next home run. –Babe Ruth
Definiteness of purpose is the starting point of all achievement. –W. Clement Stone
Life isn't about getting and having, it's about giving and being. –Kevin Kruse
Life is what happens to you while you’re busy making other plans. –John Lennon
We become what we think about. –Earl Nightingale
Life is 10% what happens to me and 90% of how I react to it. –Charles Swindoll
The most common way people give up their power is by thinking they don’t have any. –Alice Walker
The mind is everything. What you think you become.  –Buddha
The best time to plant a tree was 20 years ago. The second best time is now. –Chinese Proverb
An unexamined life is not worth living. –Socrates
Eighty percent of success is showing up. –Woody Allen
Your time is limited, so don’t waste it living someone else’s life. –Steve Jobs
Winning isn’t everything, but wanting to win is. –Vince Lombardi
I am not a product of my circumstances. I am a product of my decisions. –Stephen Covey
Every child is an artist.  The problem is how to remain an artist once he grows up. –Pablo Picasso
You can never cross the ocean until you have the courage to lose sight of the shore. –Christopher Columbus
Either you run the day, or the day runs you. –Jim Rohn
Whether you think you can or you think you can’t, you’re right. –Henry Ford
The two most important days in your life are the day you are born and the day you find out why. –Mark Twain
The best revenge is massive success. –Frank Sinatra
Life shrinks or expands in proportion to one's courage. –Anais Nin
There is only one way to avoid criticism: do nothing, say nothing, and be nothing. –Aristotle
Ask and it will be given to you; search, and you will find; knock and the door will be opened for you. –Jesus
The only person you are destined to become is the person you decide to be. –Ralph Waldo Emerson
Go confidently in the direction of your dreams.  Live the life you have imagined. –Henry David Thoreau
Certain things catch your eye, but pursue only those that capture the heart. – Ancient Indian Proverb
Believe you can and you’re halfway there. –Theodore Roosevelt
Everything you’ve ever wanted is on the other side of fear. –George Addair
Teach thy tongue to say, "I do not know," and thous shalt progress. –Maimonides
Start where you are. Use what you have.  Do what you can. –Arthur Ashe
Fall seven times and stand up eight. –Japanese Proverb
Everything has beauty, but not everyone can see. –Confucius
How wonderful it is that nobody need wait a single moment before starting to improve the world. –Anne Frank
When I let go of what I am, I become what I might be. –Lao Tzu
Life is not measured by the number of breaths we take, but by the moments that take our breath away. –Maya Angelou
Happiness is not something readymade.  It comes from your own actions. –Dalai Lama
If you're offered a seat on a rocket ship, don't ask what seat! Just get on. –Sheryl Sandberg
If the wind will not serve, take to the oars. –Latin Proverb
You can’t fall if you don’t climb.  But there’s no joy in living your whole life on the ground. –Unknown
We must believe that we are gifted for something, and that this thing, at whatever cost, must be attained. –Marie Curie
Too many of us are not living our dreams because we are living our fears. –Les Brown
Challenges are what make life interesting and overcoming them is what makes life meaningful. –Joshua J. Marine
If you want to lift yourself up, lift up someone else. –Booker T. Washington
You take your life in your own hands, and what happens? A terrible thing, no one to blame. –Erica Jong
I didn’t fail the test. I just found 100 ways to do it wrong. –Benjamin Franklin
In order to succeed, your desire for success should be greater than your fear of failure. –Bill Cosby
A person who never made a mistake never tried anything new. – Albert Einstein
The person who says it cannot be done should not interrupt the person who is doing it. –Chinese Proverb
There are no traffic jams along the extra mile. –Roger Staubach
It is never too late to be what you might have been. –George Eliot
You become what you believe. –Oprah Winfrey
I would rather die of passion than of boredom. –Vincent van Gogh
A truly rich man is one whose children run into his arms when his hands are empty. –Unknown
Build your own dreams, or someone else will hire you to build theirs. –Farrah Gray
Education costs money.  But then so does ignorance. –Sir Claus Moser
I have learned over the years that when one's mind is made up, this diminishes fear. –Rosa Parks
It does not matter how slowly you go as long as you do not stop. –Confucius
Remember that not getting what you want is sometimes a wonderful stroke of luck. –Dalai Lama
You can’t use up creativity.  The more you use, the more you have. –Maya Angelou
Dream big and dare to fail. –Norman Vaughan
Our lives begin to end the day we become silent about things that matter. –Martin Luther King Jr.
Do what you can, where you are, with what you have. –Teddy Roosevelt
If you do what you’ve always done, you’ll get what you’ve always gotten. –Tony Robbins
Dreaming, after all, is a form of planning. –Gloria Steinem
You may be disappointed if you fail, but you are doomed if you don't try. –Beverly Sills
Remember no one can make you feel inferior without your consent. –Eleanor Roosevelt
Life is what we make it, always has been, always will be. –Grandma Moses
The question isn’t who is going to let me; it’s who is going to stop me. –Ayn Rand
It’s not the years in your life that count. It’s the life in your years. –Abraham Lincoln
Change your thoughts and you change your world. –Norman Vincent Peale
Either write something worth reading or do something worth writing. –Benjamin Franklin
Nothing is impossible, the word itself says, “I’m possible!” –Audrey Hepburn
The only way to do great work is to love what you do. –Steve Jobs
If you can dream it, you can achieve it. –Zig Ziglar
Get busy living or get busy dying. – Stephen King
Start each day with a positive thought and a grateful heart. – Roy T. Bennett
Today is your day. Your mountain is waiting so get on your way.- Dr. Seuss
Light tomorrow with today. –Elizabeth Barrett Browning
Yesterday is not ours to recover, but tomorrow is ours to win or lose. – Lyndon B. Johnson
When it rains, it pours? but soon, the sun shines again. Stay positive. Better days are on their way.
Learn the rules like a pro, so you can break them like an artist. —Pablo Picasso
Just one small positive thought in the morning can change your whole day. – Dalai Lama
Push yourself because no one else is going to do it for you.
Yesterday is not ours to recover, but tomorrow is ours to win or lose. —Lyndon Johnson
Every object, every being, is a jar of delight. Be a connoisseur.- Rumi
Yesterday’s home runs don’t win today’s games. — Babe Ruth
Someday is not a say of the week. – Janet Dailey
You’re off to great places, today is your day. Your mountain is waiting, so get on your way. – Dr. Seuss
Don’t count the days, make the days count. – Muhammad Ali
Make each day your masterpiece. – John Wooden
You’re braver than you believe and stronger than you seem, and smarter than you think. – A.A Mine
Wonder is the beginning of wisdom. – Socrates
How wonderful it is that nobody need wait a single moment before starting to improve the world. —Anne Frank
Believe you can and you’re halfway there. – Theodore Roosevelt
Don’t judge each day by the harvest you reap but by the seeds that you plant. – Robert Louis Stevenson
Every day, there are 1,440 minutes. That means we have 1,440 daily opportunities to make a positive impact. – Les Brown
You’ve got to get up every morning with determination if you’re going to go to bed with satisfaction. – George Lorimer
Keep your face to the sunshine and you cannot see a shadow. – Helen Keller
Be thankful for everything that happens in your life; it’s all an experience. – Roy T. Bennett
If you think you are too small to make a difference, try sleeping with a mosquito. —Dalai Lama
Be mindful. Be grateful. Be positive. Be true. Be kind. – Roy T. Bennett
Life is a shipwreck but we must not forget to sing in the lifeboats.—Voltaire
No one is perfect – that’s why pencils have erasers. – Wolfgang Riebe
If everything seems under control, you’re not going fast enough.- Mario Andretti
When one door of happiness closes, another opens. – Helen Keller
Things may come to those who wait, but only the things left by those who hustle. — Abraham Lincoln
Every action in our lives touches on some chord that will vibrate in eternity. – Edwin Hubbel Chapin
Dwell on the beauty of life. Watch the stars, and see yourself running with them. – Marcus Aurelius
Life is 10% what happens to us and 90% how we react to it. – Dennis P. Kimbro
Make improvements, not excuses. Seek respect, not attention. – Roy T. Bennett
Success is not final; failure is not fatal: It is the courage to continue that counts. – Winston S. Churchill
It is better to fail in originality than to succeed in imitation. – Herman Melville
Reach high, for stars lie hidden in your soul. Dream deep, for every dream, precedes the goal. – Pamela Vaull Starr
We must all face the choice between what is right and what is easy. – Albus Dumbledore
Always turn a negative situation into a positive situation. – Michael Jordan
It is better to be a failure at something you love than to be a success at something you hate. – George Burns
Do the hard jobs first. Easy jobs will take care of themselves. – Dale Carnegie
Whether you think you can or think you can’t, you’re right. – Henry Ford
The time is always right to do what is right. – Martin Luther King, Jr.
Either you run the day or the day runs you. – Jim Rohn
Positive anything is better than negative nothing.  – Elbert Hubbard
I find that the harder I work, the more luck I seem to have. – Thomas Jefferson
I’m a positive person, and I try to look at the good side of everything. –Leona Lewis
The only time you fail is when you fall down and stay down. – Stephen Richards
Do what is right, not what is easy nor what is popular. – Roy T. Benner
The future depends on what you do today. – Mahatma Gandhi
Once you replace negative thoughts with positive ones, you’ll start having positive results. – Willie Nelson
The real opportunity for success lies within the person and not in the job. – Zig Ziglar
You always pass failure on the way to success. – Mickey Rooney
If you are positive, you’ll see opportunities instead of obstacles. – Widad Akrawi
Things may come to those who wait, but only the things left by those who hustle. – Abraham Lincoln
Positive thinking will let you do everything better than negative thinking will. – Zig Ziglar
Winning doesn’t always mean being first. Winning means you’re doing better than you’ve done before. – Bonnie Blair
Pessimism leads to weakness, optimism to power. – William James
Even if you’re on the right track, you’ll get run over if you just sit there. – Will Rogers
It always seems impossible until it is done. – Nelson Mandela
Instead of worrying about what you cannot control, shift your energy to what you can create. – Roy T. Bennett